okay hi everybody and now time for a
green soup recipe we are going to keep
the fiber we're going to have healthy
probiotics from the fiber it turns into
probiotics in your body
it's a prebiotic and today we are using
some of the many grains
I got a farmer's market which include
this gorgeous vibrant living exciting
chard romaine now I'm putting what I
think I'll do first is add some mountain
spring water and that will be the base
you can get fancy you can make a
childhood mushroom tea and you can have
a warm soup so I'm going to put some
chard in and blend as I go I don't add
the avocado until very last because your
soup will turn into mousse
constitutes a savory soup for me is the
base the liquid base you could use
coconut water water teas greens a fat
the Faculty coconut oil it could be
olive oil it could be preferably avocado
or tahini so you have the fat we have
citrus lemon lime orange I will add
something spicy like a habanero I will
add maybe a little bit of ginger a
little bit of garlic whatever seasonings
you want and to bounce it off you can
add a little bit of sweet I'm going to
add some red pepper a little a date goes
a long way to kind of balance out the
savory soup flavors so here goes some
ginger parsley cilantro
I peel the lemon which I'm about to do
where the lines may be aligned
[Music]
believe it or not lemon in the body you
would think it would be acidic but it
actually helps alkalis I leave the piss
it will make it a little more bitter
than if I just had the juice but I like
the PIP I think it's good it's an
astringent for our bodies put the whole
thing in it's funny I had stained the
ceiling beet juice seems to be gone ok
so more of the greens the romaine now if
you really wanted to cleanse you would
leave out the fat it would not be as
palatable but it's certainly doable
habanero is extremely good for the
circulation
it helps metabolism and then also it's a
great it stimulates endorphins in our
system so I just absolutely love spicy
okay yeah
[Applause]
okay there is something else I want to
add reishi reishi is a benevolent
mushroom serendipities occur when you
eat reishi it causes all kinds of
benevolent
serendipities I did an interview with
Romagna and he is a monster Taoist
herbalist and he talked about reishi I'm
trying to fix the video because we took
it was a beautiful video on the beach
but the sound the wind just keeps coming
in but the biggest thing I got out of it
is eat reishi and I'm going to explain
to you why in another video but I'm
adding a little bit of reishi to this
soup maybe I'll add some core defense
forces down another mushroom gives you a
lot of energy so also just going to give
it birthday
and thanks for the flavor to it for my
savory soup okay so here comes I'm going
to blend that
[Music]
[Applause]
reishi lifts the spirits definitely and
completely an experience day they say if
you want to figure out what you want to
do in life if you want to hear your
calling have reishi and your life will
just incrementally get better and it's
an adaptogen so you can't have too much
it adjusts accordingly we definitely
need a little bit of salt I didn't add
garlic you could go ahead garlic powder
or fresh garlic and I didn't add the red
pepper and if I added beat it would be
very very good for my blood it would
turn my green soup red which is okay
nope I am NOT putting pepper is already
out of the avocado and it will get
froggy
[Music]
[Applause]
I feel like I need to show you whatever
you don't drink right away mason jars
how to be raw on the go it's delicious
perfect so get your creams out on
everybody and I'll see you soon